And with that being the case, the demon
in question defeated all three of them.
What now?!
What are we gonna do?!
Crap... Oh, crap!
Our best option would then be...
I am not letting you hand Chomusuke over!
That is off the table!
I'm way too attached to her at this point!
I never said a word about
agreeing to the deal.
Do I really seem the type to
acquiesce when threatened?
Crimson Demons accept
any and all challenges.
Well, I know you're just shy
of actually being stupid,
so you must know what kind
of enemy you're facing here.
That was quite a barbed way of putting it.
Regardless, with the arch priest in
question having never been found,
I would say that I'm the only one in town
with the means to deal with this demon.
Fine, do what you want.
We're... friends, aren't we?
You want my help?!
If you think I'll do as you ask just because
you say we're friends, you're dead wrong!
And yet I can't deny hearing
that made me kinda happy!
Episode 12: An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
I thought I said you were free
to occupy yourself for a while.
Well, you went into the inn
after mentioning you were going
to get funds for your plan, so I was worried.
I have 10,000,000 eris here.
How in the world did you
make that kind of money?!
What happened in there?!
I'd rather not say.
Megumin! You've really crossed a line!
More importantly,
we need to put this war chest to use
and raise our combat efficacy.
Head to the magic item store,
and buy anything that looks useful.
O-Okay.
Also, we'll need a stuffed black cat toy.
Make sure to buy one.
A stuffed toy?
These were all made in the
Crimson Demon village.
Oh, excellent work!
This is a Scroll of Concealment!
It should make things simple,
even without front line fighter allies.
There's also...
The stuffed black cat you asked for.
I don't know what you have
in mind for it, but...
Hey!
And now, with a little bit of time,
Chomusuke's scent will rub
off on the stuffed cat.
We'll use it as bait,
conceal ourselves with the scroll,
and once he arrives in
his ignorance, ka-boom.
D-Do you really think this plan's gonna work?
We'll have to make it work.
You're not the only one who's grown
attached to this impudent little furball.
Besides, we may have only
worked together briefly,
but this village is full of people
I've gone on adventures with.
And since fuzzy here and I are
responsible for this matter,
I intend to see it resolved in full.
Recklessly and stubbornly
acting tough, like always.
Pipe down.
It's not like you've changed your timid,
conflict-averse tendencies, either.
What has changed is that she's become a lot
less selfish and indifferent in the last year.
I'm feeling far too awake to sleep.
I can't believe I'm actually
nervous before a battle...
I forgot to fire off my
daily explosion magic!
That explains this unease!
How could I have been so careless?!
Unlock.
Who would come by so late?
What pervert is this?
You're asleep, right, Megumin?
You're really amazing, you know.
It never even occurred to you to
run from a scary demon like that.
I think I'd be too anxious
to sleep if I were you.
This is making it far too awkward
to pretend to wake up now.
If I'm being honest...
When you learned explosion magic,
I had to wonder how the top of our
class could do something so stupid.
And when I saw you helping with the Axis
sect's ridiculous recruiting in Arcanretia...
Wow. I was just speechless.
But...
But with just the joke
they call explosion magic,
you were able to slay the Devil
King's minions and defeat Arnes,
and now you're about to take on this demon.
I think that's really cool, and incredible.
But I'm sure you know the truth.
Even with a Scroll of Concealment,
when you start to cast explosion magic,
the flow of magic power will
make your position obvious.
I didn't think that far ahead...
and I don't dare admit that.
Which is why, y'know... to make
sure I can continue being your rival,
I'm going to borrow this.
To be honest, I was at the guild before now,
and for the first time, I asked
people to form a party with me.
Rex and his friends.
When I asked them if they wanted revenge
on the demon, they were happy to agree.
Weren't they badly injured?
I would've been too afraid
to try anything by myself.
But now, I'm sure...
I can't let you try this plan
when I know it won't work.
Because you're my best
friend in the whole world.
And that's why...
Sleep.
Megumin...
I'm sorry.
Yunyun!
How dare she entrap me like this?!
There is no greater shame for a Crimson
Demon than to have their spotlight stolen!
Well, this simply will not stand!
Miss?!
Sorry, I have a bit of an emergency
situation, and was in a rush.
Some other time, maybe.
What in the world happened?
You look so worried.
Well, I'm not sure how, but Yunyun has
apparently found a party out of the blue...
Oh, would that be the group
with that Rex fellow?
Huh? Yes. How did you know?
Because I healed them!
Huh?
I said I healed them! They were in front
of the church, and obviously in pain.
You should have seen how jealous
the Eris sect was when I did it!
You're responsible for this
annoying turn of events?!
I don't have time for this! I need to go!
Miss, I genuinely do not have
time to fool around right now...
May the divine Aqua offer her protection.
Blessing.
I barely remember the incantations for
anything other than healing magic.
I'm glad it actually worked.
I am a holy woman, in spite of it all.
And I think I've got a
good eye for people, too.
Don't worry. I know you can win.
I mean, how could my adorable,
helpful Megumin lose to some rotten devil?
Miss...
Just this once, it'd be nice
if you'd call me "big sister"!
Well, then, Big Sister Cecily...
I'm off!
Good luck!
We'll keep him occupied somehow.
You hit him with that magic from before!
U-Understood!
Aw, damn it, what the hell?
You twerps are starting to get on my nerves!
I have to do it! I have to pull this off!
Time to die! Inferno!
Magic Canceler!
Blade of Wind!
That worked! Keep it up!
Right!
Well, this is a surprise...
They're holding their own.
It'd be one thing if they were in danger,
but crashing the party when the battle
might be won isn't to my liking.
Lightning!
I am getting fed up over here.
This is why I didn't want to
mess with Crimson Demons!
Damn it, enough's enough.
Time to wrap this up the hard way!
Everyone, it's time!
Another little trick?
Let's see what you've got!
Flash!
Demons don't see with their eyes, girlie!
This trick of yours isn't gonna do squat!
My eyes! My eyes!
Damn it, that didn't work. Even though
I know I heard a tiny scream...
Looks like that leaves just the two of you.
Any more tricks up your sleeve?
Host!
You think this is gonna buy you time?
Paralyze!
I figured a Crimson Demon would know better!
Paralyze isn't gonna work on a dem—
I'm well aware that paralysis
magic doesn't work on demons.
But this magic potion was to
increase the power of my spell.
Granted, it was a gamble on whether
or not it'd actually work!
You actually managed to restrain me...
That must've been one
hell of a magic potion.
But I bet it took a big chunk
of your magic power, huh?
Paralyze only lasts for
a few minutes at max.
You really think you can finish
me off with what you've got left?
That's why I'll make you an offer.
How about we both give it a rest for today?
I'm sure you wanna heal your
buddies on the ground over there.
If you agree, I promise not to lay
a claw on any of you for today.
You know that demons don't ever break
promises or bargains, don't you?
I-I'm willing to consider your offer.
We can both take our leave for today.
Hey, wait!
Yunyun, don't worry about us!
We'll be fine.
Just hurry and finish him off!
I-It's not that... s-see,
the th-th-thing is...
Wait, hang on a sec. Girl, did you...
Don't tell me...
You can't move either, can you?
You Crimson Demons might be a pain to
deal with, but I like you all the same!
What kind of goofy spell-casting
makes Paralyze affect the caster?!
I don't know either, okay?!
This potion is guaranteed to increase the
strength and affected area for Paralyze!
And then the pretty lady sold
it to me at a great price!
Oh, what a riot.
So, now what? Since you gave me a real laugh,
I'm still willing to let you off
if you wanna make a deal.
A-Are you trying to pick a fight with me?!
C-Crimson Demons always
accept a-all challenges!
So, it seems none of you can move!
You!
Greetings. I happen to be a sorceress
supreme who was just passing through.
It seems you've all had quite the
little encounter in my absence.
Megumin...
Last night, when I was about to get up
after realizing I had not performed
my daily explosion magic,
an unknown assailant cast
Sleep magic on me...
Wait, y-you were awake?!
Hang on, you were awake back then?!
And now, with an overflowing amount of
magic power carried over from yesterday,
who should I happen upon in
my search for a good target?!
Whoa! Your eyes!
H-Hang on a sec! I get it, I do.
Let's all just calm down...
I-If you were awake,
you should have said something!
I would've cast Sleep the second
I came into the room!
When did you wake up?!
How much did you hear?!
Well, if you're curious, around the time you
unlocked the door to my room with magic,
and asked, "You're asleep, right, Megumin?"
No!
Now, then, am I to understand
you've harmed my amusing comrade
who was silly enough to monologue
at someone who was wide awake,
and then cast Paralyze on herself?
No! No more! Please stop!
I apologize, so stop!
I'm sorry, so please, no more!
Now, she may be the
embarrassing type who says,
"I think you're really cool and incredible,
Megumin," when she thinks no one is listening...
No!
And, "You're my best friend
in the whole world."
But after hearing all that...
I can hardly ignore her suffering, can I?!
Kill me!
I can't move, so I can't run or do it myself!
End my suffering now, please!
I can't go on living like this!
I'd be better off dead!
Hey! How long are you going to goof around?!
What the...
I am going to fire my great spell.
The same instant victory magic that
defeated your comrade, Arnes!
Huh, you're the one who did her in?
Well, seeing the kind of
magic power you're packing,
it makes sense that she couldn't survive it.
The sparks of genesis.
The embers of oblivion.
Past, present, and future, a forbidden
force that subsumes all creation.
Flame, I am become destruction,
without mercy.
This is not my day, man.
By my blood, by my flesh, the commandments
set by the gods are now shattered!
I probably could've survived this
if I was at full strength, y'know.
But I had a run-in with
those weirdos yesterday...
The stupidly durable Crusader
and the thief in the shorts.
And then, when I was gonna attack
the town to let off some steam,
that weird broad who was doing
maintenance on the walls
blasts me with some seriously
nasty evil-banishing magic...
Explosion!
I guess this is one life wasted.
What a mess. If I don't
turn things around soon,
that little kid's gonna actually gonna
end up summoning me as her familiar...
I knew it! I had absolute
faith in you, Megumin!
Your big sister knew you were gonna win!
Miss, this is actually very uncomfortable,
so please put me down...
Aw, I know you're just playing hard-to-get!
Now, then.
I hate to say goodbye, but...
Are you headed back to Arcanretia?
No. I'm going on a journey.
This experience taught me something.
Healing magic by itself isn't enough.
When I cast Bless on Megumin, like a
proper priest should, it occurred to me...
Wouldn't it be better
if I wasn't just "beautiful,"
but "the beautiful, skilled priest"?
I hardly see how that matters at all.
Besides, once I hit a certain level,
I'll be eligible to take over the
local church of any town I want!
Miss, are you... plotting to take over this town?
That's a secret!
Sure seems like she is.
Goodbye!
Take care!
Call me "big sister" one last time, maybe?!
Hey, Megumin...
Would you come with me for a sec?
My nemesis, and most renowned
of Crimson Demons, Megumin!
I... I am called Yunyun!
Arch wizard, and wielder
of intermediate magic!
She who will one day be chief
of the Crimson Demons!
I intend to go on a journey.
Yes, a journey to master advanced magic,
so that I might defeat you, my rival!
But the other day, I wasn't your rival,
but your "best friend in the whole world."
I'm not listening! I'm not listening!
Don't tell me that after that
embarrassing little confession,
you plan on getting out of
town until things calm down?
I know what you're thinking,
but no, I'm not that stupid!
I mean, i-it's only gonna
be for a while, so...
A-Anyway,
I hate to admit it, but you did
end up beating that demon.
So I have to admit that, as I
am now, I just can't beat you.
And if I stay with you, I doubt
I'll be able to surpass you.
I think that won't change even if you leave,
considering I've got a nearly
perfect record of beating you.
O-Oh, pipe down! I'm trying to be
serious here, so don't butt in!
Anyway, what do you say?
After I learn advanced magic,
do you want to settle things?
By all means.
When that happens, let's see who's truly
greater, with no tricks or schemes.
We have three more spots for
front-line classes over here!
Any priests around?
The job's a goblin hunt,
and it pays pretty well.
We're looking for one more member!
Stare...
I think our spots just got filled!
I shouldn't have tried to look cool by
handing my remaining funds to Yunyun.
No, that's not it.
I was so sure that there'd be
parties fighting to recruit me.
"Immediate opening!
We're a cozy, harmonious party."
"I've been happy every day
since I joined this party."
"I got over my illness and became popular."
What in the world is this?
It definitely gives me a bad feeling...
"Advanced job classes only"?
I wonder what kind of party they are.
Hey, let's lower the bar a little.
Recruiting only members in
advanced classes is way too strict.
But... But...
At this rate, not a single person will come.
I mean, you might have an advanced class,
but I'm still in the weakest.
I'll feel ashamed if I'm completely
surrounded by the elite.
I happened to notice your
recruitment poster.
That we would meet is a fate
chosen by the world itself.
I have anxiously awaited the arrival
of those such as yourselves.
I am called Megumin!
My calling is that of an arch wizard,
and one who controls explosion magic,
the strongest of all offensive magic!
This is the story of the girl known to
some as a mage of exceptional quality,
but more commonly known as a deranged
user of explosion magic, and her companions.
A grand new adventure is about to begin!